README.md, before:

![Hexbot compiler logo](https://github.com/theAgingApprentice/hexbotCompiler/blob/main/img/compilerBanner.png)
[![LICENSE](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mmistakes/minimal-mistakes/master/LICENSE)
[![Doxygen Action](https://github.com/theAgingApprentice/aaChip/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg?event=push)](https://github.com/theAgingApprentice/aaChip/actions/workflows/main.yml)

# hexbotCompiler - Bringing legs to life.

## Table of contents
* [Overview](#Overview)
* [Features](#Features)
* [Compatability](#Compatability)
* [Development environment](#Development-environment)
* [Code documentation](#Code-documentation)
* [Downloading](#Downloading)
* [Running VSC](#Running-VSC)
* [Compiling Code](#Compiling-Code)
* [Running Code](#Running-Code)
* [Testing](#Testing)
* [Releases](#Releases)
* [Acknowledgements](#Acknowledgements)

## Overview
This repository contains C++ code intended to run on your computer in order to generate workflows
that can be fed into the Hexbot robot via MQTT in order to orchestrate complex movements for the
robot's six legs.

## Features

* Accepts command line arguments.
* Access to system variables.
* Repo auto generates online documentation
* MIT License

## Compatability 

* This code has only been built and tested on an iMac OSX Monterey. 

## Development environment
This library was written using the following tools:
* [<img src="/img/vscLogo.png" width="15" height="15">](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs) 
Microsoft's Visual Studio Code source code editor. 
* C++ plugins.

## Code documentation

This repository automatcally generates 
[online documentation](https://theagingapprentice.github.io/hexbotCompiler/html/index.html) 
each time code is merged into the main branch.

## Downloading

Detailed instructions on how to use this template repository can bew viewed [here](./aaAdmin/newRepoTodo.md).

## Running VSC

If you are an OSX user then you can simply use the VSC icon to load VSC and use the hot ket combination `SHIFT + COMMAND + B` to build the executable. If you are a Windows user then do not use the VSC icon. In oder for VSC to work popery with your compiler it must be started using a special VSC calling sequence. These instructions were taken from [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/cpp/config-msvc).

VSC must be started from a special developer command prompt followwing these steps:

1. Manually, enter `devel` in Windows Start search window
2. A few options will appear. Run the option that mentions somehting about a command prompt
3. Then CD to the project level directory of your code, i.e. ....hexbotCompiler/
4. then enter `code .`
5. This will start VSC, and open the project folder within VSC
6. Now you can use VSC like you always do.

## Compiling Code 

1. Go to the src folder
2. Enter the character control-command-B on a Mac, control-shift-B on a PC

## Running Code

Note that at the moment our binaries are located in the src directory rather than the bin directory. We'll sort this out later.

1. Make sure that yu are in the src folder
2. To run code from the src directory, in a terminal window type ./filename  

## Testing

At this time we do not have a way to test this embedded code.

## Releases

1. We use the [SemVer](http://semver.org/) numbering scheme for our releases. 
2. The latest stable release is [v1.0.0](https://github.com/theAgingApprentice/underwear/releases/tag/v1.0.0).

## Acknowledgements

1. The many example code sites found on the internet. Thank you all for sharing your knowledge so freely.

Commit message:

Add instructions for tasks.json file to Downloading instrucitons Fixes #30

README.md, after:

![Hexbot compiler logo](https://github.com/theAgingApprentice/hexbotCompiler/blob/main/img/compilerBanner.png)
[![LICENSE](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mmistakes/minimal-mistakes/master/LICENSE)
[![Doxygen Action](https://github.com/theAgingApprentice/aaChip/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg?event=push)](https://github.com/theAgingApprentice/aaChip/actions/workflows/main.yml)

# hexbotCompiler - Bringing legs to life.

## Table of contents
* [Overview](#Overview)
* [Features](#Features)
* [Compatability](#Compatability)
* [Development environment](#Development-environment)
* [Code documentation](#Code-documentation)
* [Downloading](#Downloading)
* [Running VSC](#Running-VSC)
* [Compiling Code](#Compiling-Code)
* [Running Code](#Running-Code)
* [Testing](#Testing)
* [Releases](#Releases)
* [Acknowledgements](#Acknowledgements)

## Overview
This repository contains C++ code intended to run on your computer in order to generate workflows
that can be fed into the Hexbot robot via MQTT in order to orchestrate complex movements for the
robot's six legs.

## Features

* Accepts command line arguments.
* Access to system variables.
* Repo auto generates online documentation
* MIT License

## Compatability 

* This code has only been built and tested on an iMac OSX Monterey. 

## Development environment
This library was written using the following tools:
* [<img src="/img/vscLogo.png" width="15" height="15">](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs) 
Microsoft's Visual Studio Code source code editor. 
* C++ plugins.

## Code documentation

This repository automatcally generates 
[online documentation](https://theagingapprentice.github.io/hexbotCompiler/html/index.html) 
each time code is merged into the main branch.

## Downloading

Detailed instructions on how to use this template repository can bew viewed [here](./aaAdmin/newRepoTodo.md).

## Running VSC

If you are an OSX user then you can simply use the VSC icon to load VSC and use the hot ket combination `SHIFT + COMMAND + B` to build the executable. If you are a Windows user then do not use the VSC icon. In oder for VSC to work popery with your compiler it must be started using a special VSC calling sequence. These instructions were taken from [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/cpp/config-msvc).

VSC must be started from a special developer command prompt followwing these steps:

1. Manually, enter `devel` in Windows Start search window
2. A few options will appear. Run the option that mentions somehting about a command prompt
3. Then CD to the project level directory of your code, i.e. ....hexbotCompiler/
4. then enter `code .`
5. This will start VSC, and open the project folder within VSC
6. Now you can use VSC like you always do.

## Compiling Code 

1. Ensure that you have a tasks.json file
 * If you use Windows OS then rename ```./vscode/tasks-WIN.json``` to ```./vscode/tasks.json```. 
 * If you use OSX OS then rename ```./vscode/tasks-OSX.json``` to ```./vscode/tasks.json```.    
2. Go to the src folder
3. Enter the character `control-command-B` on a Mac, `control-shift-B` on a PC.

## Running Code

Note that at the moment our binaries are located in the src directory rather than the bin directory. We'll sort this out later.

1. Make sure that you are in the src folder
2. To run code from the src directory, in a terminal window type ./filename  

## Testing

At this time we do not have a way to test this embedded code.

## Releases

1. We use the [SemVer](http://semver.org/) numbering scheme for our releases. 
2. The latest stable release is [v1.0.0](https://github.com/theAgingApprentice/underwear/releases/tag/v1.0.0).

## Acknowledgements

1. The many example code sites found on the internet. Thank you all for sharing your knowledge so freely.
